Village Chief: Rescue is at hand.
I want you to tell me something
Your birth is also here.
Village chief, don’t listen to second-hand calls
nonsense. village head
You have to treat me well.
As long as the uncle is born
He wants to bully me every day for three days. You actually want to use force on me?
If it weren't for my cousin who is so good at him today,
My body and mind are full. I'll tell you what happened that day
That day, my brother and I
Come and pass by their door
I heard it's difficult for you to change your body
We heard something wrong
Look, there's also his cousin
Lost inside
Doing this wrong thing
We were just about to call someone
I didn’t know he was a pretty boy
we we should know
Have you ever said that?